Update dependency-issue.md (#69)
meilisearch/engine-team: issue-templates/dependency-issue.md

This issue is about updating Meilisearch dependencies:

>   - [ ] Update Meilisearch dependencies with the help of `cargo +nightly udep --all-targets` (remove unused dependencies) and `cargo upgrade` (upgrade dependencies versions) - ⚠️ Some repositories may contain subdirectories (like heed, charabia, or deserr). Take care of updating these as well in the main crate. This won't be done automatically by `cargo ugrade`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Update Meilisearch dependencies with the help of `cargo +nightly udeps --all-targets` (remove unused dependencies) and `cargo upgrade` (upgrade dependencies versions) - ⚠️ Some repositories may contain subdirectories (like heed, charabia, or deserr). Take care of updating these in the main crate as well. This won't be done automatically by `cargo upgrade`.
```
